update SYCL README (#2140)
alpaka-group/alpaka: README_SYCL.md

  See [Intel's FAQ](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/blob/master/opencl/doc/FAQ.md#feature-double-precision-emulation-fp64) for more information.
* The FPGA back-end does not support atomics. alpaka will not check this.
* Device global variables (corresponding to `__device__` and `__constant__` variables in CUDA) are not supported in the SYCL back-end yet.

> * Shared memory works but on the GPU it's very slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shared memory works but on the GPU it is very slow.
```

Is the reason for this alpaka's implementation or is this a general Intel thing?

Author: the alpaka implementation of the shared memory is slower than the native one

Reviewer: I see. Have you been able to identify a cause yet?

Author: yes, we are allocating a lot of shared memory for each kernel even if we do not use it and this causes a slow down, see #2068

> * The latest Intel OpenCL CPU runtime does not work properly. Some tests (`atomicTest`, `blockSharedTest`, `blockSharedSharingTest` and `warpTest`) fail with a `PI_ERROR_OUT_OF_RESOURCES`. The only runtime that seems to work is the 2022.14.8.0.04 (can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/intel/llvm/releases/download/2022-WW33/oclcpuexp-2022.14.8.0.04_rel.tar.gz) apart from a bug with `all_of_group` / `any_of_group` that requires the warp size being equal to the block size as a workaround.

Reviewer: Do Intel know about this?

Author: yes..

> * The latest Intel OpenCL CPU runtime does not work properly. Some tests (`atomicTest`, `blockSharedTest`, `blockSharedSharingTest` and `warpTest`) fail with a `PI_ERROR_OUT_OF_RESOURCES`. The only runtime that seems to work is the 2022.14.8.0.04 (can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/intel/llvm/releases/download/2022-WW33/oclcpuexp-2022.14.8.0.04_rel.tar.gz) apart from a bug with `all_of_group` / `any_of_group` that requires the warp size being equal to the block size as a workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The latest Intel OpenCL CPU runtime does not work properly. Some tests (`atomicTest`, `blockSharedTest`, `blockSharedSharingTest` and `warpTest`) fail with a `PI_ERROR_OUT_OF_RESOURCES`. The only runtime version that seems to work is 2022.14.8.0.04 (can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/intel/llvm/releases/download/2022-WW33/oclcpuexp-2022.14.8.0.04_rel.tar.gz) apart from a bug with `all_of_group` / `any_of_group` that requires the warp size being equal to the block size as a workaround.
```
